Our vision: To give players a sense of empowerment from defeating the Rebel Scum.

The game is set in the Star Wars universe with Vader piloting a crippleD Imperial Star Destroyer after a major battle.
The player must navigate through space, but survival is not the only goal. The player will get more points for defeating
more enemies. 

PLAYER

An Imperial Star Destroyer that is crippled and only has one battery of turbolasers working. 
 	Movement: The player can move in eight directions using the four arrow keys (diagonal movement uses two keys at once).
 	Firing: The player can fire their turbolaser by pressing the space key (not implemented per instructions in deliverable 1).
 	Slow: The player can cycle between slow and normal movement speeds by pressing the "Tab" key.
 	Lives: The player has 10 lives equivalent to 10 shots. Note that for example a quad-turbo laser will do 4 damage. 

ENEMY TYPES

X-Wing: 	Slower moving fighters that tend to enter from one side of the screen and move side-to-side across the screen. 
        	X-Wings fire fast green lasers at a rate of 1 per second.
		Life: 2 hits

A-Wing: 	Faster moving fighters that enter similar to X-Wings but tend to move up and down as well as side-to-side. 
        	A-Wings fire slow blue lasers at a rate of 1 per half-second. 
		Life: 1 hit

Frigate: 	The first boss, fires a set of fast green turbolasers that face forward.
               	Can also fire slow moving blue lasers at a reduced rate on a slight diagonal. 
		Life: 10 hits

Cruiser:	The final boss, a Mon-Calamari cruiser capble of devastating attacks in two rounds.
		Round 1: Fires a quad-turbo laser forward facing at a medium rate and medium speed.
			 Also fires fast blue lasers angled to either side of the ship extending diagonally. 
			 The boss will have 10 hits of life for round 1. 
		Round 2: When boss receives half damage, the writing "It's a Trap!" appears next to the ship, signaling phase 2.
			 The boss is invulnerable for 5 seconds so the player must spend time dodging. 
			 During all of phase 2, the Cruiser will fire quad turbolasers from three positions. 
			 Two rear quad-turbo lasers will rotate at a slow rate of speed to fire in all directions.
			 The front quad-turbo laser will fire straight forward. 
			 It will also shoot proton torpedoes, which are slow moving and have an explosion radious. 
			 The boss will have 15 hits of life for round 2.

GAMEPLAY
The game will last 4 minutes in total, and consist of waves of enemies. 

TimeStamp	Description

0:00-0:10	Nothing, allow player to test controls and fire a few shots. 
0:10-0:45	X-Wing Wave 1: Three X-Wings enter from the right side and fly left-right across screen. 
		Any X-Wing that is not dead exit on the left side after being alive for 35 seconds. 
0:45-1:20	A-Wing Wave 1: Three A-Wings enter from the left side and fly left-right and up-down. 
		Any A-Wing that is not dead exit on the right side after being alive for 35 seconds. 
1:00-1:30	X-Wing Wave 2: Three X-Wings enter from the right side and fly left-right across screen. 
		Any X-Wing that is not dead exit on the left side after being alive for 30 seconds. 
	
1:30-2:00	The Frigate boss appears during this time, enterring from the left of the screen and moving side-to-side.
		If the Frigate is not defeated, it will proceed tot he right of the screen and exit. 	

2:00-2:30	X-Wing Wave 3: Five X-Wings enter from the right side and fly left-right across screen. 
		Any X-Wing that is not dead exit on the left side after being alive for 30 seconds. 
2:10-2:40	A-Wing Wave 2: Four A-Wings enter from the left side and fly left-right and up-down. 
		Any A-Wing that is not dead exit on the right side after being alive for 30 seconds. 
2:30-3:00	X-Wing Wave 4: Five X-Wings enter from the right side and fly left-right across screen. 
		Any X-Wing that is not dead exit on the left side after being alive for 30 seconds. 
2:30-3:00	A-Wing Wave 3: Four A-Wings enter from the left side and fly left-right and up-down. 
		Any A-Wing that is not dead exit on the right side after being alive for 30 seconds.

3:00-4:00	Final Boss. Mon Calamari Cruiser slowly enters down from top center while shooting, begins to move left-right and
		as well as up-down across the screen. 
		Final Boss Phase 2 is not time-stamped and instead begins when the boss takes 10 damage.
4:00		Game ends. 

Note: Any of the above may be adjusted based on playthrough testing and assessed difficulty. 